## Final demonstrations and report

Due: Dec. 21, 2-5pm

Teams will give a second round of their project presentations, having
incorporated the feedback from instructors and fleshed it out with new
ideas and results.

NOW is when it is OK to run your model on the test set.  Do not do
this more than one time, unless there is a critical showstopping bug
you realize only at last minute (in which case say so in your writeup
and presentation).  Please try not to have those: work hard to have a
thorough setup working on dev, so when you compute your results on the
official test data you are doing it once, writing the results down,
and then moving to perform error analysis.

Error analysis
==================

What kinds of questions do you get right?  What kinds do you get
wrong?  Do you observe a pattern in either of these?  What did you
observe earlier in the month for the initial presentations, what did
that suggest to you, and do you know see the same sort of results or
did you make improvements that correct for earlier errors?

Feature analysis
==================

You presented ideas in an intial sketch at the end of the semester,
which ideas turned out to work well, which did not?

DEMO
=================

Collect a set of ~5 questions that help illustrate interesting good
things about your system.  Collect ~5 questions that help illustrate
interesting bad things about your system.  Type those questions into
your system and show the class your system working in real time.  Take
screenshots of this ahead of time and have them as backup slides, in
case your demo crashes.

You are encouraged to come up with questions that you think your
system can get correct (perhaps not in the original WikiQA set), and
you think maybe other systems do not get correct.  In the final part
of each team's presentation, other members of the class will have time
to suggest these questions to the presenting team to see what happens.

FINAL SUBMISSION
================

Your presentation materials should be submitted via Gradescope, before
Dec. 21 2pm.

The system you demo in that 2pm session should be fully checked into
your team's repository ahead of time.

Create a file in your repository: README-solution.md

README-solution.md should document:

* names of team members

* how to run your system

* citations to papers read, and what you gathered from them (ideas for
  features, etc.)

* description of your system, what did you try, what worked, what
  didn't.

* performance numbers for classifier and search performance, broken
  down by performance over time: what was your starting performance,
  how did it improve over the course of the project, and why.
  Generate figures that plot this performance over time.

* put effort into this writeup, it should track similarly to your
  class presentation, where anything you say in the talk should be
  covered in the writeup, and then the writeup should contain possible
  extra details too dry for the presentation.

* submit the R code used to perform any analysis and plotting.