## In-class project presentations

Due: Dec. 5 and 7, 2017

Each team member needs to present for 5 minutes, out of a 20 to 25
minute in-class presentation, on the 5th or the 7th.  If you would
like to volunteer for the 5th then please do so, otherwise it will be
randomly assigned.  3 teams on the 5th, 2 on the 7th.

The presentations should cover your ideas being actively pursued for
the final project, infrastructure items of interest, a short review of
academic papers you have read on the task that you found interesting
and motivating, and then your current results.  Current results are
quantitative and qualitative: what are the performance numbers
according to the evaluation metrics of the project, measured on dev,
and then what sorts of error analysis have you done?  Look at cases in
dev where your model did well, look at cases in dev where your model
did poorly.  Speculate on why you are seeing whatever you are seeing.
Suggest ways you might be able to improve the system for the final
exam date.

The team presentation should be a team presentation: coordinate on
slides, have a consistent theme, a top-level outline.

Submit your slides to gradescope by the start of class on the day you
are presenting.

REMEMBER: at this stage you are still to be only computing results on
the dev set, do not touch the test set until time for final
presentations.

You will get feedback from the instructors following the
presentations.  This could include presentation feedback, as well as
feedback on what you've proposed: do we think it is too hard, too
easy, to crazy, etc.  This project contains suggestions on ideas you
might want to pursue, but you can propose your own as well.  Come to
the 5th/7th with ideas, and we'll tell you if they are in
scope/on-track for enough effort for the final project.  We don't want
to be heavy handed in suggestions before these presentations, so-to
allow you to think and propose.  However we will end up suggesting
specific ideas to pursue after the presentations if we feel your
current proposals are not challenging enough given the size of your
team and the time available.